OSDOCS-16934 Part 2 NODES-6 CQA (#114925)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-priority-preempt-about.adoc

[id="nodes-pods-priority-preempt-about_{context}"]
= Understanding pod preemption

[role="_abstract"]

> Pod preemption allows the scheduler to evict lower-priority pods from nodes when higher-priority pods cannot find available resources, enabling critical workloads to run even when cluster capacity is constrained.

Reviewer: Avoid anthropomorphic language.

```suggestion
With pod preemption, the scheduler can evict lower-priority pods from nodes when higher-priority pods cannot find available resources, enabling critical workloads to run even when cluster capacity is constrained.
```
